hey this is real camp
surely and today we've been doing a BOSU
ball workout for the core and abdominals
let's get started five exercises I'm
gonna need one of these bad boys
forcing ball so here's the first
exercise that week so push-up one thing
before we head out coming in towards the
ball so they keep you bit of angle right
here
abs are in nice and strong like down one
legs off the floor comes up and back one
leg off the floor keep that failure
things you could do and you moving on to
the next one next exercise will give you
a profile of you here so keep this
together
when tear bags your fourth so try that
yourself to the floor over here
yes depends on your body has metrics
legs are open l-shaped right to food
right angle to knees arms a straight up
next box cheer when alternate front leg
a strong ready back in office around the
lake and back uses right on the left leg
it makes the balance and back agenda to
manage to keep a nice burn in their day
rump they're moving on to what I call
teetering the back extensors so if
you're gonna be doing the opposite
they're based down the ball now we're
working in the heat with lower back
wrestling your belly is on top of all
here and it's finding that balance point
so an answer by the head come back a bit
legs are straight up we're going down
and up down and rub bring it the troll
movement you wanna be went back up and
down
five exercises all the boats do corporal
is to work the fatigue as many as you
can do and keep building upon that might
take you maximum about ten minutes if
you're really wanting to long and there
you have it a great abdominal core
workout on a BOSU ball give it a shot
you'll feel the difference stay tuned
max work yet this is a trail cam I'll
see you soon